okay I guess the reason why I really
went to this video is it kind of like
sparked off from Amber's video which is
from fairly local vegan if you don't
watch her she's amazing along the lines
of her video she basically just said
it's impossible to be a hundred percent
perfect because she's pretty much zero
waste but it's impossible to be zero
waste she has some allergies and she has
to buy like some foods in bags and also
her and her husband Wilmore husband I
think she said their lifes are like
splurged out with like vegan junk food
which most vegan junk food is wrapped in
plastic so she goes on basically saying
that it's impossible or very hard to be
hundreds of perfect and a lot of people
still pick on her which if you watch her
she's like literally like so medium and
like so pretty much zero waste and
people still pick on her for like not
being a hundred percent so I mean being
low waste either part of being veganism
you are saving the environment saving
animals so comment does go hand-in-hand
I know it's not the technical definition
but everyone has their own definition
such as like save palm oil some people
think if you consume Pablo you're not
vegan
although palm oil technically is vegan
but it is contributing to the
destruction to the planet and to animals
so therefore people who take view as
vegan so I guess that's pretty much
where I'm going with this video is that
it's just so hard to be 100% there's
always gonna be someone who sees
veganism or thinks they're more superior
in that veganism like you're you consume
palm oil you're not be enough you drive
a car that has leather and that you're
not being it enough you take medication
to some vegans that's still not vegan
enough if you still have old stuff that
you had her previous to going vegan
that's not vegan enough like there's
just so many little factors that vegans
attack other vegans for and I'm just
like not about it and I'm so done there
I have personally been judged for not
being vegan enough for not stopping
consuming palm oil which I actively
avoid it if I can I know there's like an
option that has no palm oil I'll take
that option but I still get attacked
randomly for consuming a good ol Oreo
because it has palm oil in it and yeah
everywhere you go life is a struggle I
don't think you get to choose whether or
not your life is gonna be a struggle I
don't think it's you choose whether or
not you're gonna struggle what you get
to choose to some limited extent is how
meaningful or how meaningless that
struggle is gonna be when you tell me
being vegan is a struggle when you tell
me interacting with other vegans in the
movement or other aspiring vegan
activist is a struggle believe me I feel
you I agree being vegan is a struggle
depending on where you live it goes from
hard headache-inducing it can be really
tough it can be tough if you live in
downtown Los Angeles and you have an
infinite budget it could be easy for a
lot of us being vegan is a struggle
living with cooperating with
collaborating with getting organized
other vegans even just tolerating the
company of other vegans
believe me I sympathize it's a struggle
the counter-argument that I'm going to
offer here is that it's a meaningful
struggle that it's worth doing now you
know if you were complaining about how
tough it is to be a comic book collector
and you go to these conferences with
other comic book collectors and you're
getting all this negativity and you know
you have all this conflict I might say
to you we'll look maybe you should quit
comic book collecting maybe maybe you
know the game is not worth the candle as
we say in French um met a guy in
Southeast Asia who's a well-known author
researcher anthropologist and I asked
him why doesn't he spend more time doing
research in Cambodia he was known for
work in China Laos Thailand Vietnam
everywhere except Cambodia city when you
think about it these issues you're
addressed to researching really Cambodia
is the place you should be doing
research you know what he told me he
said he didn't like doing research in
Cambodia because he had long hair and
tattoos and it wasn't even that he was
really complaining that people insulted
him or had like you know attacked him
for having long hair on tattoos he just
described like verbatim acting out
Cambodians coming up to him and asked
like you're a man why do you have long
hair that why do you do that asking him
why did you get these tattoos I'm like
why do you let them be see public
obviously this is something in Cambodia
within 10 20 years
Cambodia has become a lot more exposed
to the outside world a lot more expose
the tattoos and long hair but this is
you know reflecting a kind of bumpkin
backwards isolated Cambodia that just
emerge from the war and the tyranny of
Communists and also their stuff he was
encountering these kinds of attitudes
not even necessarily hostile just
unsympathetic and surprised and
uncomprehending they said he didn't want
to deal with Cambodia this is what I
said back to him do you really think
you'd be treated better in Cambodia if
you had a shaved bald head exactly what
you just said to me the conversation you
just described do you think that a
foreigner with a shaved head wouldn't in
the same way have Cambodian people
coming up to him in the same kind of
situation and asking why why did you
shave your head why you I'd done
research in Cambodia I was in a position
to speaking that on that from experience
the point is here you know I was saying
to him either way
it's a struggle doesn't matter if you
have long hair or if you shave your head
if you're gonna go out and do
anthropological research in remote
villages if you're gonna work with
poverty-stricken people who probably
don't even have a primary school
education backward bumpkin disadvantaged
people in Cambodia that's where you want
to do your research or humanitarian work
or whatever he's gonna do it's good to
be a struggle when people are gonna
confront confront you about these things
one way or another what you've got to
decide is is this meaningful or is this
meaningless and I'd be the first to
admit you know what if this is what you
want to do with your life
don't get the tattoos or if you got the
tattoos cover them up wear long sleeves
or something and if you got long hair
and you really wanted you know what
maybe you should look around the village
in Cambodia maybe you got to get the
same kind of haircut everyone else has
in that village Cambodia I'm the last
person to say it's meaningful for you to
go and do cosplay or rit's it up and
wear this
outfit that you'd wear to a nightclub in
New York City when you're doing research
in Cambodia and that really was this
guy's problem
he was dressed up the way he thought was
cool to pick up chicks in California or
New York and when he was doing field
research as an anthropologist instead
these day shows ridiculous okay you
don't get to choose but he was imagining
he was imagining that if he just didn't
have long hair he wouldn't have these
problems no if you had a different
haircut you wouldn't even have different
problems you'd have the same problem
just with a different haircut okay if
you think life as a vegan is a struggle
you're right
guess what if you switch up the terms
and start calling yourself a reducer
terian or plant-based it's the same
struggle different haircut I mean people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know